this message is for firefly 515 you
asked what our favorite bible verses are
and i thought i'd share a couple of mine
with you i have a lot of favorite bible
verses but i'll share a couple of my
absolute favorite first of all in the
very beginning in Genesis on the first
day God created day and night but waited
till the fourth day to create the Sun
Moon and stars that seems a little
strange hmm God obviously didn't know
how light was created also if you are
the product of I don't know your parents
not being married and you being born out
of wedlock then you are a bastard and
according to God in the Bible you
automatically go to hell you have no
choice and all the way to your tenth
generation you'll go to hell that's not
very fair that doesn't sound like very
nice God and by the way that's
Deuteronomy 23 2 and so many people have
issues with homosexuals in this religion
but it's so funny that a few chapters
before which by the way homosexuality is
an abomination Leviticus 18 22 which I'm
sure a lot of you know but um Leviticus
chapter 11 verses 10 through 12 is if
you eat shellfish that's actually an
abomination so I'm sure most of you are
going to hell um if you're a woman and
you teach or have any authority in any
way over a man that's a sin because
according to first Timothy chapter 2
verses 9 through 14 that's not actually
allowed women are supposed to be silent
let's see and also the story about David
and Goliath that we all know and we're
all taught in Sunday school was actually
complete
a sugar-coated version to tell
five-year-olds I guess to help with the
brainwashing but what really happened
was David knocked Goliath out with a
rock then took Goliath sword and
decapitated him guessing that's not very
child friendly and by the way that's
First Samuel chapter 17 verse 51 and
also the Bible preaches so much hate
which is sick and so many people claim
to get their morals from the Bible which
if that's true I don't really want you
around me because it teaches about
racism and killing everyone and also how
to beat your children specifically there
is a way to beat them correctly if you
look at proverbs chapter 20 verses 29
through 30 and pretty much if you don't
beat your children proverbs 13 24 then
you don't love them you can beat the
foolishness out of your kid and stubborn
and rebellious children should be taken
to their town elders and stoned to death
wow I should have died a long time ago
and also one of my personal favorites
you would be really happy if you dash
your infant's against the rocks the
Bible is a very fucked-up book and
anyone that values it and believes in it
you're pretty up to